States:
	Landed - drone has config values, is still on the ground
	Takeoff - drone is taking off
	Searching - drone is searching for tags
		-Set LEDs to flashing red/green?
		-Hovering during this, attempt to have 0 velocity
		-If no target found for 3 seconds, land?
	TrackingHover - drone found tags, target is within "dead zone" of distance (dist = 0 to desiredDistance)
	TrackingChase - drone detects target is further away than desiredDistance, sets target velocity

Notes on states:
	We update the state and target velocity when we acquire a new video packet, since that's when we can judge the current state of the environment (wait, maybe this is not true... we get nb_detected and general detection stuff in navdata, so maybe we do everything there?)

	We update the actual tilt value (using the Progress command) when we receive a new navigationpacket, since those are slightly more frequent and give us a good idea of our actual velocity.

	If the target is lost for 1-3 seconds (video packets are being received, but no target is found), then the drone should go to the "Searching" state and stop

For velocity stuff:
	We'll have a "target velocity" that will be either static (simple) or based on the target's estimated velocity (complex).  This is based on the distance that the detection in the drone gives us.
	
	We'll determine the tilt of the drone by the target velocity.  We'll have some sort of "max-tilt" value, and then proportionally set the tilt based on the difference between the current velocity and the target velocity.
	
Useful things that we might want to measure:
	Time since last packet
		Average time since last packet?
	Difference in velocities between packets (maybe? to detect acceleration on the drone?)
	Difference in detected distances between packets (to estimate runner velocity)
	
Parameters to tweak:
	-Target distance / desired distance - distance that the drone is trying to maintain from the target
	-Emergency distance - distance that is too close and the drone needs to back the fuck up or land.
	-Max tilt value (has to be a float value between 0 and 1) - maximum value to use to send to the drone.
	-Max Velocity - maximum value to use for target velocity 
	-Target Velocity (for simple mode, or maybe for the initial velocity before we know the runner's actual velocity)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	